c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\URSO_LED.exe.config
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\URSO_LED.exe
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\URSO_LED.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.g.resources
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.exe
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.pdb
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\ConfigView.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\InitView.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\LEDView.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\OutputView.g.cs
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\ConfigView.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\InitView.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\LEDView.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\OutputView.baml
c:\users\marcin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\SimpleWifi.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\URSO_LED.exe.config
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.exe
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\URSO_LED.exe
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\URSO_LED.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\SimpleWifi.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\ConfigView.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\InitView.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\LEDView.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\OutputView.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\ConfigView.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\InitView.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\LEDView.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\Views\OutputView.baml
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.g.resources
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Marcin\Documents\GitHub\URSO\URSO_LED\URSO_LED\obj\Debug\URSO_LED.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
